hello guys ranch boss here we've really
been chasing hogs the last couple days
we've got a good number of guys on the
ranch right now matter of fact I see
some of them over there and there's a
phenomenon that has happened that I did
not anticipate even though we've got a
good number of guys on the ranch as of
yesterday
how many hogs does a guy want to shoot
neat and there they're holding back on
food so from their perspective they want
to come out they're gonna see a lot of
game they're gonna shoot their few hogs
and then they're gonna go home and leave
me with this big mess out here I need
more hunters out here guys I'm going to
add on to this first video and show you
what we've got going on out here let's
you see some of the hunters maybe talk
to a few of them and they're carrying
some hauls over the cleaning rack right
now so let's get this day started and
get some more video all right it's
before breakfast and
this is what we shot before breakfast
we've got one two three four that's a
good 200 pounder right there to have
four and
shot about a 300 pound ball right here
really nice teeth on it
he's gonna keep that that's too big to
there's a big log at least 300 pounds
and the hunters that were here the other
day
they shot so many hogs they were trying
to help us out to shoot as many as they
could and they left probably about 15
hogs in here here the cooler that they
just couldn't get in their vehicle so I
think what we're gonna have to do if
you're close to the ranch or in Houston
oft in San Antonio and you want some
free food give me a call come pick this
up and it's absolutely great food it's
always handled professionally and
properly properly handled it's ready for
the for the cooker the stove the oven so
that's why we need more hogs out here
we're doing my hunters are helping me
out as much as they can but they can't
take all that they're shooting more than
they need and leaving the rest so guys
need to come give us a hand we closed on
June 15th we still have several openings
left and let's go see if we can get a
report from some of these hunters see
what's going on
alright you got you about a 300-pounder
this morning I see well yeah I hope you
like pork because you got a lot of good
food here oh yeah
now we're you guys from Minnesota
Minnesota and you're here with the hood
all right we're glad you guys came out
here to give us a hand and shoot
somebody talk before we close the season
we do appreciate it we're getting ready
to butcher that hog up we'll get into
the freezer for you all right we've got
a lot of guys that have answered the
call and come out here we've even had a
couple of guys come on a motorcycle from
Oklahoma City guy guys that's that's uh
I don't know 10 hour drive just come out
here and help us ute a few hogs and
we've got some guys from Minnesota here
we've got some guys from Arkansas that
are here and we really appreciate the
help but it ain't enough guys we're
gonna need some more guys a fully
clothed or I don't know what we would
have to get a helicopter here and just
just clean them out and I don't know and
I can't leave hundreds of hogs here
before the
or when we close and that's what we're
facing even though we've got a good
number of guys it's just not gonna get
the job done so take advantage of the
special that we're running come out here
in the next we have four weeks as of
this filming here four weeks to fully
close so come on out here and have a lot
of fun and talk to your buddies bring
them out here with you
pretty hard all morning
bunch of hallways
and now it's lunchtime
they're doing their part but we're still
not gonna shape what we need machine as
far as number of palms but
we're gonna have a
nice lunch take
minute break